1)           A class is an extensible program-code-template for creating objects, providing initial values for state (member variables) and implementations of behavior (member functions or methods).
2 )  1. Abstraction is a technique for managing complexity of computer systems. It works by establishing a level of complexity on which a person interacts with the system, suppressing the more complex details below the current level. 
       2. Encapsulation is the packing of data and functions into a single component. The features of encapsulation are supported using classes in most object-oriented programming languages, although other alternatives also exist. It allows selective hiding of properties and methods in an object by building an impenetrable wall to protect the code from accidental corruption. 
      3. Data hiding is a software development technique specifically used in object-oriented programming (OOP) to hide internal object details (data members). Data hiding ensures exclusive data access to class members and protects object integrity by preventing unintended or intended changes.
3)  A class defines the properties and behavior for the objects represented by the abstraction. Abstraction is a property of object oriented programming. It denotes the essential properties and behaviors of an object. It hides code and data. A class thus denotes a category of objects and act as a blueprint for creating such objects. An object exhibits the property and behaviors defined by its class. Generally, an object is an instance of a class.
4) 1. A member function of a class is a function that has its definition or its prototype within the class definition like any other variable. It operates on any object of the class of which it is a member, and has access to all the members of a class for that object.
    2. You can declare a data member the same way as a variable, except that explicit initializers are not allowed inside the class definition.
5) Programming question 
6) 1. Whenever a class or object is created, its constructor is called.
    2. A destructor  is a method which is automatically called when the object is destroyed.
7) Programming question
8) 1. In computer programming languages the term default constructor can refer to a constructor that is automatically generated by the compiler in the absence of any programmer-defined constructors (e.g. in Java), and is usually a nullary constructor.
It is a constructor that can be called without having to provide any argument .         2.
		9) Programming question 
10) 1. (this) is a pointer on object .    2. (*this) is the object itself .
